= Versioned Plugin Manager
As soon as some users will create their own plugins based on a specific application version their might run into 
problems at the time they update the application but do not recompile their own plugins. 
Using the VersionedPluginManager to load the plugins into your application you have control which version you will accept or not.

= Usage
* Load all plugins which implements the "ISamplePlugin" from assembly version 1.0 to 1.9.3 from the current directory. An exception will be thrown if an incompatible version was found.

```csharp
	var pm = new PluginManager(Environment.CurrentDirectory)
		.Register<ISamplePlugin>(new Version(1, 0), new Version(1, 9, 3))
		.Discover();
```


* Same as above but without throwing an exception but calling the event "PluginIncompatibleVersionEvent" for each incompatible version.

```csharp
	var pm = new PluginManager(Environment.CurrentDirectory)
		.Register<ISamplePlugin>(new Version(1, 0), new Version(1, 8));
	pm.OnPluginIncompatibleVersion += new Events.PluginIncompatibleVersionEvent(pm_OnPluginIncompatibleVersion);
	pm.Discover(false); // do not throw an axception
```



= License
The VersionedPluginManager is under the MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Stefan Licht

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.